Scrub references to Rust toolchain (#779)
ipetkov/crane: docs/API.md

`removeReferencesToVendoredSources "$out" "$cargoVendorDir"` will be run as a
post install hook.

### `craneLib.removeReferencesToRustToolchainHook`

> Defines `removeReferencesToRustToolchain()` which handles removing all
> references to the Rust toolchain from the installed binaries, which ensures that
> nix does not consider the binaries as having a (runtime) dependency on the toolchain.
> These references usually originate from panic messages. It takes 1 positional
> argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines `removeReferencesToRustToolchain()` which handles removing all
references to the Rust toolchain from the installed binaries, ensuring that the final
binaries do not have a (false) runtime dependency on the toolchain (usually due to
references in panic messages). The current toolchain is detected via `rustc --print sysroot`.
nix does not consider the binaries as having a (runtime) dependency on the toolchain.
This hook takes 1 positional argument:
```

1. the installation directory for the output.
  * If not specified, the value  of `$out` will be used.
  * If `out` is not specified, an error will be raised.

**Automatic behavior:** if `doNotRemoveReferencesToVendorDir` is not set, then

> `removeReferencesToRustToolchain() "$out"` will be run as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`removeReferencesToRustToolchain "$out"` will be run as a
```
